tidb cloud: refine importing sample table doc (#17482)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/import-sample-data.md

    If the region of the bucket is different from your cluster, confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.

> 3. You can choose to import into pre-created tables, or import schema and data from the source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You can choose to import into pre-created tables, or import schema and data from the source. When you import sample data, choose **Import schema and data from S3**.
```

    - **Import into pre-created tables** allows you to create tables in TiDB in advance and select the tables that you want to import data into. In this case, you can choose up to 1000 tables to import. You can click **Chat2Query** in the left navigation pane to create tables. For more information about how to use Chat2Query, see [Explore Your Data with AI-Powered Chat2Query](/tidb-cloud/explore-data-with-chat2query.md). 

>     - **Import schema and data from S3** (This field is visible only for AWS S3) allows you to import SQL scripts for creating a table and import corresponding table data stored in S3 into TiDB. **When you import sample data, choose this method.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Import schema and data from S3** allows you to import SQL scripts for creating a table and import corresponding table data stored in S3 into TiDB.
```

>     - **Import into pre-created tables** allows you to create tables in TiDB in advance and select the tables that you want to import data into. In this case, you can choose up to 1000 tables to import. You can click **Chat2Query** in the left navigation pane to create tables. For more information about how to use Chat2Query, see [Explore Your Data with AI-Powered Chat2Query](/tidb-cloud/explore-data-with-chat2query.md). **Do not choose this method when you import sample data.**
>     - **Import schema and data from S3** (This field is visible only for AWS S3) allows you to import SQL scripts for creating a table and import corresponding table data stored in S3 into TiDB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Import into pre-created tables** allows you to create tables in TiDB in advance and select the tables that you want to import data into. In this case, you can choose up to 1000 tables to import. You can click **Chat2Query** in the left navigation pane to create tables. For more information about how to use Chat2Query, see [Explore Your Data with AI-Powered Chat2Query](/tidb-cloud/explore-data-with-chat2query.md). 
    - **Import schema and data from S3** (This field is visible only for AWS S3) allows you to import SQL scripts for creating a table and import corresponding table data stored in S3 into TiDB.**When you import sample data, please choose this method.**
```

4. Click **Start Import**.

</div>
<div label="Google Cloud">

1. Open the **Import** page for your target cluster.

    1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/) and navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project.

        > **Tip:**
        >
        > If you have multiple projects, you can click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-left-projects" /> in the lower-left corner and switch to another project.

    2. Click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page, and then click **Import** in the left navigation pane.

> 2. Configure the source data information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Import Data** in the upper-right corner, and then fill in the following parameters:
```

    - **Bucket gsutil URI**: enter the sample data URI `gs://tidbcloud-samples-us-west1/`.
    - **Bucket Access**: you can use a GCS IAM Role to access your bucket. For more information, see [Configure GCS access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-gcs-access).

    If the region of the bucket is different from your cluster, confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.

> 3. You can choose to import into pre-created tables, or import schema and data from the source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You can choose to import into pre-created tables, or import schema and data from the source.  When you import sample data, choose **Import schema and data from GCS**.
```

>     - **Import into pre-created tables** allows you to create tables in TiDB in advance and select the tables that you want to import data into. In this case, you can choose up to 1000 tables to import. You can click **Chat2Query** in the left navigation pane to create tables. For more information about how to use Chat2Query, see [Explore Your Data with AI-Powered Chat2Query](/tidb-cloud/explore-data-with-chat2query.md). **Do not choose this method when you import sample data.**
>     - **Import schema and data from GCS** (This field is visible only for GCS) allows you to import SQL scripts that create a table along with its corresponding data stored in GCS directly into TiDB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Import into pre-created tables** allows you to create tables in TiDB in advance and select the tables that you want to import data into. In this case, you can choose up to 1000 tables to import. You can click **Chat2Query** in the left navigation pane to create tables. For more information about how to use Chat2Query, see [Explore Your Data with AI-Powered Chat2Query](/tidb-cloud/explore-data-with-chat2query.md). 
    - **Import schema and data from GCS** (This field is visible only for GCS) allows you to import SQL scripts that create a table along with its corresponding data stored in GCS directly into TiDB.**When you import sample data, please choose this method.**
```

>     - **Import schema and data from GCS** (This field is visible only for GCS) allows you to import SQL scripts that create a table along with its corresponding data stored in GCS directly into TiDB. **When you import sample data, choose this method.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Import schema and data from GCS** allows you to import SQL scripts that create a table along with its corresponding data stored in GCS directly into TiDB.
```
